Add support for u-blox EVK-ANNA-B4 which uses the nRF52833. (#41850)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/ubx_evkannab4_nrf52833/doc/index.rst

See `EVK-ANNA-B4 product page`_ and `ANNA-B40 Data Sheet`_
for a complete list of EVK ANNA-B4 hardware features.

Connections and IOs
===================

LED
---

* LED0 (red) = P0.13
* LED1 (green) = P1.01
* LED2 (blue) = P1.00

Push buttons
------------

* BUTTON1 = SW1 = P1.01 (Shared with green LED)
* BUTTON2 = SW2 = P0.02

General information on module pin numbering
-------------------------------------------

The numbering of the pins on the module and EVK do not follow the GPIO
numbering on the nRF52833 SoC. Please see the `ANNA-B40 Data Sheet`_ for
information on how to map ANNA-B40 pins to the pin numbering on the
nRF52833 SoC.

The reason for this is the u-blox module family concept where different
modules share the same pinout and can be interchanged, see
`ANNA module family Nested design`_.

Programming and Debugging
*************************

Applications for the ``ubx_evkannab4_nrf52833`` board configuration can be
built and flashed in the usual way (see :ref:`build_an_application`
and :ref:`application_run` for more details); however, the standard
debugging targets are not currently available.

Flashing
========

Build and flash applications as usual (see

> :ref:`build_an_application` and :ref:`application_run` for more details)

Reviewer: repeated information here

Author: Thanks, will change.

Author: Done.

   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: ubx_evkanna4_nrf52833
   :goals: build flash

Debugging
=========

Refer to the :ref:`nordic_segger` page to learn about debugging  boards
containing a Nordic Semiconductor chip with a Segger IC.

Testing the LEDs and buttons in the EVK ANNA-B402
*************************************************

There are 2 samples that allow you to test that the buttons (switches)
and LEDs on the board are working properly with Zephyr:

.. code-block:: console

   samples/basic/blinky
   samples/basic/button

You can build and flash the examples to make sure Zephyr is running
correctly on your board. The button and LED definitions can be found in
:zephyr_file:`boards/arm/ubx_evkannab4_nrf52833/ubx_evkannab4_nrf52833.dts`.

Note that the buttons on the EVK-ANNA-B4 are marked SW1 and SW2, which
are named sw0 and sw1 in the dts file.
Also note that the SW1 button and the green LED are connected on HW level.

Using UART1
***********

The following approach can be used when an application needs to use
more than one UART for connecting peripheral devices:

1. Add device tree overlay file to the main directory of your application:

>    .. code-block:: console
> 
>       $ cat ubx_evkannab4_nrf52833.overlay
>       &uart1 {
>         compatible = "nordic,nrf-uarte";
>         current-speed = <115200>;
>         status = "okay";
>         tx-pin = <14>;
>         rx-pin = <16>;
>       };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &uart1 {
        compatible = "nordic,nrf-uarte";
        current-speed = <115200>;
        status = "okay";
        tx-pin = <14>;
        rx-pin = <16>;
      };
```

Author: This part is similar in many of the boards (nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52840dk_nrf52840 etc), should I change here or should there be a common change for all of them?

Reviewer: just fix this one, other will eventually get updated.

Author: Done

   In the overlay file above, pin P0.16 is used for RX and P0.14 is used for TX

> 2. Use the UART1 as ``device_get_binding(DT_LABEL(DT_NODELABEL(uart1)))``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get a reference to the UART1 instance using ``DEVICE_DT_GET(DT_NODELABEL(uart1))``
```

Author: This part is similar in many of the boards (nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52840dk_nrf52840 etc), should I change here or should there be a common change for all of them?

Reviewer: same, others will eventually get updated (we're now in the process of removing many unnecessary `device_get_binding()` usages)

Author: Done

See :ref:`set-devicetree-overlays` for further details.

Selecting the pins

> ==================
> To select the pin numbers for tx-pin and rx-pin:
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    tx-pin = <pin_no>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==================

To select the pin numbers for tx-pin and rx-pin::

   tx-pin = <pin_no>
```

Author: This part is similar in many of the boards (nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52840dk_nrf52840 etc), should I change here or should there be a common change for all of them?

Author: Done

Open the data sheet for the ANNA-B4 at `ANNA-B40 Data Sheet`_, Section 3 'Pin definition'.
In the table 7 select the pins marked 'GPIO_xx'.  Note that pins marked as 'Radio sensitive pin'
can only be used in under-10KHz applications. They are not suitable for 115200 speed of UART.

Translate 'Pin' into number for Device tree by using the following formula::

   pin_no = b\*32 + a

where ``a`` and ``b`` are from the Pin value in the table (Pb.a).

> For example, for P0.1, ``pin_no = 1`` and for P1.0, ``pin_no = 32``.

Reviewer: I think this information is redundant, specially now that we'll soon move to pinctrl where port/pin notation is used

Author: Done
